Licensing: add Redistribution section (#6823)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/27 Redistribution.md

> You can find a list of the resources and files that are redistributable and can be distributed to your application users in our [End User License Agreement](https://www.devexpress.com/Support/EULAs/devextreme.xml) (EULA). You must have a valid license to legally distribute applications that use DevExtreme components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [End User License Agreement] (https://www.devexpress.com/Support/EULAs/devextreme.xml) (EULA) lists the resources and files that can be redistributed to your application users. You must have a valid license to distribute applications that use DevExtreme components.
```
